releaseNotes05-11 (#3017)
Azure/AKS: CHANGELOG.md

  * The [NodeRestriction Admission Controller](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#noderestriction) will be enabled
  * CoreDNS version 1.9.2 will be default version. With this new version of CoreDNS wildcard queries are no longer allowed.
  * metrics-server version 0.6.1 will be the default version.
* Konnectivity rollout will continue in May 2022 and is expected to complete by end of June.
* Update your AKS labels to the recommended substitutions before deprecation after the Kubernetes v1.24 release. See more information on label deprecations and how to update your labels in the [Use labels in an AKS cluster](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/use-labels) documentation.

### Release notes

* Behavioral Changes

>   * [Upgrades for Spot Nodepools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/spot-node-pool#UpgradeaSpotnodepool) is now available starting this week : This will involve a cordon and an eviction notice. There is no Drain or Surge nodes available for the Spot nodepool upgrades.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [Upgrades spot node pools](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/spot-node-pool#upgrade-a-spot-node-pool) is now available starting this week: When upgrading a spot node pool, AKS will issue a cordon and an eviction notice but no drain is applied. There are no surge nodes available for spot node pool upgrades.
```

* Component Updates
  * AKS Ubuntu 18.04 image updated to [AKSUbuntu-1804-2022.06.08](vhd-notes/aks-ubuntu/AKSUbuntu-1804/2022.06.08.txt).
  * Upgrade Azure File CSI driver to [v1.19.0](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/azurefile-csi-driver/releases/tag/v1.19.0)
  * Upgrade Azure Disk CSI driver to [v1.19.0](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/azuredisk-csi-driver/releases/tag/v1.19.0)

>   * Cloud-controller-manager, azure SDK, & API version has been updated for v1.21.7 and v1.21.9 (see the [version matrix](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cloud-provider-azure#version-matrix) to see which CCM version maps to which AKS version.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Cloud-controller-manager, Azure SDK, & API version has been updated for v1.21.7 and v1.21.9 (see the [version matrix](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cloud-provider-azure#version-matrix) to see which CCM version maps to which AKS version.  
```

  * The [NodeRestriction Admission Controller](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#noderestriction) will be enabled
  * CoreDNS version 1.9.2 will be default version. With this new version of CoreDNS wildcard queries are no longer allowed.
  * metrics-server version 0.6.1 will be the default version.
* Konnectivity rollout will continue in May 2022 and is expected to complete by end of June.
* Update your AKS labels to the recommended substitutions before deprecation after the Kubernetes v1.24 release. See more information on label deprecations and how to update your labels in the [Use labels in an AKS cluster](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/use-labels) documentation.

### Release notes

* Features

>   * [AKS Release Tracker](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/release-tracker) is now generally available. This maps regional release deployments with the Release notes. 

Reviewer: AKS release tracker GA was in the previous release notes too. do we need to remove this?

* Behavioral Changes

>   * [Upgrades for Spot Nodepools](https://github.com/Azure/AKS/issues/2134) is now available starting this week : This will involve a cordon and an eviction notice. There is no Drain or Surge nodes available for the Spot nodepool upgrades.

Reviewer: is there any doc we need to link to for this?
